Adapt TLS guide to new Prometheus features (#2006)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/guides/tls-encryption.md

Fill out the appropriate information at the prompts, and make sure to enter `example.com` at the `Common Name` prompt.

## Prometheus configuration

Below is an example [`web-config.yml`](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/https/) configuration file. With this configuration, Prometheus will serve all its endpoints behind TLS.

```yaml
tls_server_config:
  cert_file: /home/prometheus/certs/example.com/example.com.crt
  key_file: /home/prometheus/certs/example.com/example.com.key
```

> From now on, you would need to pass a new flag to Prometheus,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make Prometheus use this config, you will need to call it with the flag
```
